1.	What is the 48-bit Ethernet address of your computer?

e0:be:03:3f:b7:a0

2.	What is the 48-bit destination address in the Ethernet frame?  Is this the Ethernet address of gaia.cs.umass.edu? (Hint: the answer is no).  What device has this as its Ethernet address? [Note: this is an important question, and one that students sometimes get wrong.  Re-read pages 483-484 in the text and make sure you understand the answer here.]

1c:61, It's the address to the router

3.	What is the hexadecimal value for the two-byte Frame type field in the Ethernet frame carrying the HTTP GET request?  What upper layer protocol does this correspond to?

0x0800, the IP protocol

4.	How many bytes from the very start of the Ethernet frame does the ASCII “G” in “GET” appear in the Ethernet frame? Do not count any preamble bits in your count, i.e., assume that the Ethernet frame begins with the Ethernet frame's destination address.

54 Bytes

5.	What is the value of the Ethernet source address?  Is this the address of your computer, or of gaia.cs.umass.edu (Hint: the answer is no).  What device has this as its Ethernet address?

1c:61:b4:47:3f:f0, the router address

6.	What is the destination address in the Ethernet frame?  Is this the Ethernet address of your computer? 

e0:be:03:3f:b7:a0, the computer address

7.	Give the hexadecimal value for the two-byte Frame type field. What upper layer protocol does this correspond to?

0080 and the protocol is IPv4

8.	How many bytes from the very start of the Ethernet frame does the ASCII “O” in “OK” (i.e., the HTTP response code) appear in the Ethernet frame? Do not count any preamble bits in your count, i.e., assume that the Ethernet frame begins with the Ethernet frame's destination address.

58 Bytes

9.	How many Ethernet frames (each containing an IP datagram, each containing a TCP segment) carry data that is part of the complete HTTP “OK 200 ...” reply message? 

The Internet Address column contains the IP address
The Physical Address column contains the MAC address
The Type indicates the protocol type
